[SYCL][Doc] Add device code split options to user manual (#1056)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/SYCLCompilerUserManual.md

    NOTE:  Any libraries that are passed on the command line which are not
    specified with `-foffload-static-lib` are treated as host libraries and are
    only used during the final host link.
    
**`-fsycl-device-code-split=<value>`**

    Perform SYCL device code split. There are three possible values for this option:

>     - per_kernel - device code module is created for each SYCL kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - per_kernel - a separate device code module is created for each SYCL kernel
```

>     - per_source - device code module is created for each source (translation unit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - per_source - a separate device code module is created for each source
    (translation unit)
```

    - off - no device code split.

>     NOTE: By default device device code split is 'off' - all kernels go into a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    NOTE: By default device code split is 'off' - all kernels go into a
```

>     single module`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    single module.
```

    
**`-fsycl-device-code-split`**

>     Perform SYCL device code split in the per_source mode i.e. create a device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Perform SYCL device code split in the per_source mode, i.e. create a separate
```

>     code module for each source (translation unit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    device code module for each source (translation unit)
```

>     code module for each source (translation unit)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    code module for each source (translation unit).
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer 2: Looks the same to me

Author: Sorry, fixed.

    specified with `-foffload-static-lib` are treated as host libraries and are
    only used during the final host link.

**`-fsycl-device-code-split=<value>`**

    Perform SYCL device code split. There are three possible values for this
    option:
    - per_kernel - a separate device code module is created for each SYCL
    kernel. Each device code module will contain a kernel and all its

>     dependencies i.e. called functions and used variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    dependencies, i.e. called functions and used variables.
```

    - per_source - a separate device code module is created for each source
    (translation unit). Each device code module will contain a bunch of kernels

>     grouped on per-source basis and all their dependencies i.e. all used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (grouped on per-source basis) and all their dependencies, i.e. all used
```

>     grouped on per-source basis and all their dependencies i.e. all used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    grouped on per-source basis and all their dependencies, i.e. all used
```

>     grouped on per-source basis and all their dependencies, i.e. all used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (grouped on per-source basis) and all their dependencies, i.e. all used
```

Author: I'd like to leave this phrase without braces because it's kind of key information

>     variables and called functions including functions from other translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    variables and called functions, including those marked with `SYCL_EXTERNAL`
```

>     variables and called functions including functions from other translation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    variables and called functions, including functions from other translation
```

>     variables and called functions, including functions from other translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    variables and called functions, including the `SYCL_EXTERNAL` macro-marked
```

>     units marked with `SYCL_EXTERNAL` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    functions from other translation units.
```

    - off - no device code split.
    NOTE: By default device code split is 'off' - all kernels go into a
    single module.

**`-fsycl-device-code-split`**

    Perform SYCL device code split in the per_source mode, i.e. create a

>     separate device code module for each source (translation unit)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    separate device code module for each source (translation unit).
```
Looks like this one was missed.
